readme.md, before:

# HTMGames

[Visit HomePage](https://joat917.github.io/HTMGames/index.html)

### Why Here on Github?

> Wrote on Oct.25th, 2024

I wrote some mini games in html in order to play them on my iphone, 
where visualized libs for python are not available, 
and the games on app store are all limited from underages in my region
to preserve the so-called "healthy growth of teenagers". *(To encourage fierce involution)*

However, I'm finding it hard to run these javascripted html files on the phone.

To do this, I must upload the html files onto a server and request it via url, 
which is exactly why this repo comes into existence.

Github is the best place I have ever found to place something on the cloud 
and to be requested whenever and wherever I want. 
It is the also most suitable place for a code file to settle and develop and make itself useful. 

### What's Inside?

Only HTML files and their corresponding css and js files. 

- `./GlowingCornerHoverEffect.htm` When you put your mouse on the shapes, there are amazing lights shed on it. (PC only)
- `./MswHtm.htm` A naive minesweeper game. 
- `./sdk6.htm` Soduku game that enables the simplest cheating. 
- `./switch.htm` A dragging switch with fancy effects. A little boring, but boring people like me love it. (PC only)
- `./guess4.html` A game to guess a 4-digit integer with only a few feedbacks. 
- `./homo.html` A tool to express any integer or decimal in terms of certain combinations of `114514` , `1919810` as well as 999,999 different numbers! It also shows how this works properly no matter how you make up your inputs, step by step. (zh-CN only)
- `./gpa.html` GPA estimator for PKUers. Standard Deviation Estimation Methods enabled to intensify GPA anxiety. Time by tick save the children suffering from PKU! (zh-CN only)
- `./integers.html` Tell whether an integer is a prime, its factors and prime factors (if possible). Also generate random positive integer from 1 to N. (zh-CN only)
- `./electivePoints.html` A tool used to distribute points when choosing electives. This is specially designed for PKUers. (zh-CN only)
- `./index.html` The home page in both languages. 

- `./chart.js` Please refer to https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/chart.js . This file appears here in case the cdn server cannot be connected. 
- `./common.js` Common script to deal with dark-mode displays and is used by several pages. 
- `./style.css` Style sheet that is shared by several pages.

Commit message:

加入了扫雷，优化了手机端界面。 本次更新： 1. 删除了原来的MswHtm，新增了中英文双语扫雷文件，添加了动画、解法，并同时适配手机和电脑端； 2. 删除了部分网页中的一个meta标签，经测试可以修复手机端背景不完整的bug。 3. 修改了index.html，加入了指向扫雷的链接。 4. 修改了readme.md，加入了扫雷。

readme.md, after:

# HTMGames

[Visit HomePage](https://joat917.github.io/HTMGames/index.html)

### Why Here on Github?

> Wrote on Oct.25th, 2024

I wrote some mini games in html in order to play them on my iphone, 
where visualized libs for python are not available, 
and the games on app store are all limited from underages in my region
to preserve the so-called "healthy growth of teenagers". *(To encourage fierce involution)*

However, I'm finding it hard to run these javascripted html files on the phone.

To do this, I must upload the html files onto a server and request it via url, 
which is exactly why this repo comes into existence.

Github is the best place I have ever found to place something on the cloud 
and to be requested whenever and wherever I want. 
It is the also most suitable place for a code file to settle and develop and make itself useful. 

### What's Inside?

Only HTML files and their corresponding css and js files. 

- `./GlowingCornerHoverEffect.htm` When you put your mouse on the shapes, there are amazing lights shed on it. (PC only)
- `./minesweeper.html` An advanced minesweeper game. 
- `./saolei.html` The same minesweeper game, in Chinese. 
- `./sdk6.htm` Soduku game that enables the simplest cheating. 
- `./switch.htm` A dragging switch with fancy effects. A little boring, but boring people like me love it. (PC only)
- `./guess4.html` A game to guess a 4-digit integer with only a few feedbacks. 
- `./homo.html` A tool to express any integer or decimal in terms of certain combinations of `114514` , `1919810` as well as 999,999 different numbers! It also shows how this works properly no matter how you make up your inputs, step by step. (zh-CN only)
- `./gpa.html` GPA estimator for PKUers. Standard Deviation Estimation Methods enabled to intensify GPA anxiety. Time by tick save the children suffering from PKU! (zh-CN only)
- `./integers.html` Tell whether an integer is a prime, its factors and prime factors (if possible). Also generate random positive integer from 1 to N. (zh-CN only)
- `./electivePoints.html` A tool used to distribute points when choosing electives. This is specially designed for PKUers. (zh-CN only)
- `./index.html` The home page in both languages. 

- `./chart.js` Please refer to https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/chart.js . This file appears here in case the cdn server cannot be connected. 
- `./common.js` Common script to deal with dark-mode displays and is used by several pages. 
- `./style.css` Style sheet that is shared by several pages.
